hey guys it's Troy here with my friends
Justin sup guys and Ryan boom Jill and
today we're gonna be playing some more
eyes on the prize the prize is are as
always pinnacle studio install DVD 1
million dollars look at my eyes on that
brush ok a Mario Kart a candy dispenser
with one pack of candy left pretty event
that's uh my eyes are on that prize
ok they already calling out there
they're Sean's mouth
wallace and gromit uh the curse of the
we're at it and this box contains
nothing does it contain nothing we won't
find out we might yeah we might we'll
see ok um so you guys are gonna go to
rules up top just to show you the
opponents
everything we have 150cc normal all
choose aggressive items and then we're
just doing one race so you guys are
going to be playing heavy characters
today so go to your solo race and click
anybody in the bottom two rows there
from where Wario is to drive up anywhere
in there you can pick any of those
characters justin chooses funky Kong and
Ryan goes on the ride alright so funky
cog Justin
Justin's Rosalina okay and you guys are
going to be using the spear in this
challenge so it's the torpedo looking
vehicle you guys go past it iodine's
there and there we go okay so if you
guys saw the stats it's got horrible
horrible turning but you guys are have
to use manual and you guys are playing
DK jungle parkway so this is notorious
in Mario Kart for just being the hardest
track to play with this vehicle
so for its you have no choice you have
to use this vehicle I don't tell you
guys to challenge you guys don't fly
I know that like having practiced
something like help no no practice I'm
not receiving I did not use a dolphin -
okay
these challenges are everyone private
percent completely fair I don't get
anybody that Vantage so without further
ado DK jungle Parkway here we go that
water friendship means troll eyes on the
press what did that so all these years
of friendship not even a heads up come
on let all these years of friendship
with him - gotta make it fair you're
facing ya buddy like me all right we all
know that would give you the advantage
but you know that's my buddy okay yeah
bender pal Oh what's going on Brian's
already off I was looking back to
Justin's just dominating Justin's
already up front with all the other
lightweights and get me goes Jesus it's
okay though Ryan can pull some legit
items and come back maybe we'll get the
bullet bill there we go
Ryan's gonna try to get past the cannon
without the bullet bill looks like he's
gonna that's a smart strategy because
you know when you use the bolt in the
cannon it doesn't help so that was smart
and Justin's handling the vehicles
pretty well right as I say that of
course he gets owned but all right still
that isn't the bull there guys okay that
was smart you're just using it till you
failed
Santiago would save you very smart all
right I have plan I just passed Justin
and the bullet gave him a very nice
landings at the third place Justin as
tripping mushrooms which are completely
gone completely gone but aren't very
useful anyway so uh when you guys are
small this definitely helps you because
you can actually handle the turns are
you kidding me Justin full of mega
mushroom will use it he's using he's
braking now he's going for you chasing
after Ryan it looks like if the volleys
on Ryan's screen and Ryan almost got
squished twice in a row but barely
evades Justin this is the same turn Ryan
a trouble with last lap but he's figured
out how to do it and they're pretty much
dead even Justin I was like maybe a two
second lead over Ryan as Ryan hits the
pole and they're both heavily in
concentration which is why they're not
talking very much
this is ridiculously hard oh yeah sure
you really throwing me off you talking
man all right now I'll shut up pad just
kidding and there's no timer so we can't
actually see how long they take for the
laps but you guys can check the video
link and see how long it took it might
be pretty entertaining oh dude dude oh
my gosh that was lucky
Ryan is I can't boy what is this Ryan
this is magic eighty I mean oh can this
world oh that was bad that was bad
oh do you Justin laid a trap but those
are your bananas huh yeah how did you
have bananas now you listen to me Ryan
you actually drive picked up my mushroom
Ryan still doesn't know how to do Sam so
major Bowes that's what I've noticed you
talking about it's okay this is Ryan's
strategy he lurked behind and then he
pulls the bullet but that wasn't the
bullet the strategy is coming to an end
he dodges the shock oh my gosh why are
the walls in this place it's like the
only place where their walls everywhere
else you just have grass okay well
Justin's and third Ryan's a fourth we
pull a red shell that was so amazing
right all right this is okay though this
is your strategy right you want to be in
12 to get the bullet exactly okay that's
my plan okay
all is my point all makes sense now oh
no he misses the item box this is the
hardest turn ever - you're screwed
you are shrimp Justin took the fifth
he's running away with this but Justin's
gonna get the worst possible spot no
where is Ryan I can't even oh yeah oh
there you are okay there's jumper bottom
box Ryan you need to get that item you
to pull the bullet you need to spam it
and get the bullet like right now you
better get the bullet it is so cute dude
you can go span that and just take the
shortcut take the shortcut go go go
right right right
nope
the iron that was goodbye and that was
good um you did better than a cotton
there mind
I told you don't see nice things about
me right Ryan Ryan passes Justin he
squishes him and then he manages to
drive backwards it's the law enjoys
backwards okay Justin you are victorious
that was pretty hilarious yeah you you
really figured it out lap three I did
yeah pretty good at these challenges
especially using awkward vehicles you
know I've had you do to operate vehicles
in Rowan you could just shatter the
competition shadow so um but you realize
both red Falcon games in Ryan had to
rely on bullet bills to even stand a
chance so you must be feeling pretty big
in your boots right now I'm feeling for
no you know I think what is a good thing
I want to thank the Academy and all the
people who are there yeah playoff you
played your media and who have been
there for me through the tough times and
my struggles on Rainbow Road and
learning how to do this game and I shall
be victorious by taking Ryan's million
dollars oh it takes them not haha it's
in my wallet now just like my Pez where
in your mouth just show them the back of
it show yeah yeah not rushmore on the
back of it so he gets Mount Rushmore you
get the statue Liberty and Mount
Rushmore taking my lettuce here my
lettuce Justin wins a million dollars
yeah eyes on the prize thanks for
watching friends that's it let's go
losing everything yet